system tables: update diagnose system table doc (#2866)
pingcap/docs: system-tables/system-table-metrics-schema.md

# Metrics Schema

To dynamically observe and compare cluster conditions of different time ranges, the SQL diagnosis system introduces cluster monitoring system tables. All monitoring tables are in the `metrics_schema` database. You can query the monitoring information using SQL statements in this schema. The data of the three monitoring-related summary tables ([`metrics_summary`](/system-tables/system-table-metrics-summary.md), [`metrics_summary_by_label`](/system-tables/system-table-metrics-summary.md), and `inspection_result`) are all obtained by querying the monitoring tables in the metrics schema. Currently, many system tables are added, so you can query the information of these tables using the [`information_schema.metrics_tables`](/system-tables/system-table-metrics-tables.md) table.

## Overview

> To illustrate how to use the monitoring table and how it works, take the `tidb_query_duration` monitoring table in `metrics_schema` as an example. The principles of other monitoring tables are similar to `tidb_query_duration`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Taking the `tidb_query_duration` monitoring table in `metrics_schema` as an example, this section illustrates how to use this monitoring table and how it works. The working principles of other monitoring tables are similar to `tidb_query_duration`.
```

Field description:

* `TABLE_NAME`: Corresponds to the table name in `metrics_schema` . In this example, the table name is `tidb_query_duration`.

> * `PROMQL`: The working principle of the monitoring table is to first map SQL statements to `PromQL`, then request data from Prometheus, and convert Prometheus results into SQL query results. This field is the expression template of `PromQL`. When you query the data of the monitoring table, the query conditions are used to rewrite the variables in this template to generate the final query expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `PROMQL`: The working principle of the monitoring table is to first map SQL statements to `PromQL`, then to request data from Prometheus, and to convert Prometheus results into SQL query results. This field is the expression template of `PromQL`. When you query the data of the monitoring table, the query conditions are used to rewrite the variables in this template to generate the final query expression.
```
